##### Preamble: 
People present:
Tom, Snow, Tina, Myself.  Norhan shows up after combat

###### Session 3/1/26 start 

Session begins with initiative rolls and Cromash immediately making a threatening move by dropping vow of enmity on the 'druid'. 

The druid attempts to read Cromash's minds but he passes the save. 

Cromash knows she is in his mind but it is different/new

###### Combat summary

Phase 1:
'druid' is resistant or possibly immune to radiant damage. 
'druid' seems to have BPD
'druid' does not like getting fooled by Cornholio's echo
'druid' starts dealing enough damage that Dagoth is feeding potions and healing Cornholio and Cromash. 

Phase 2:
'druid' reforms as a mess of eldritch tentacles and the like.   
Lachlan tries to crit Cromash but gets silvery barbed. 

Corpse turned to ash by Mirci's scorching ray

Fight ends with 

Cornholio on 29 HP
Cromash 18 HP
Mirci 23 HP
Dagoth 28 HP

Cromash and Cornholio were often on single digit HP. 

###### Post combat 

Ash samples collected 
Cromash tries to steal Dagoth's gauntlet that the druid was wearing. After he takes it off he gets blasted for 30 force damage and his half orc racial feature procs. 

During long rest Cornholio sleep walks back to the moon pool area and dreams about a portal to the shadowfell.  

Part awakes to find the temple is slowly restoring itself.  

The orcs talk about their dreams and then we venture upstairs to investigate the new areas that have formed in the temple as a result of some strange harmony between Chauntea, shar and Eilistraee.

At the portal to the shadowfell a large aspen tree is seen just through the event horizon.  
Leave sample is collected and tested.  The shadow essence in the leave diminishes on the material plane.  

At some point after the Shadowfell gateway formed (while Voltaire's player was absent IRL), the party later found Voltaire sitting under the aspen tree (on the Shadowfell side), preaching to anthropomorphic shadows and proselytizing that Voltaire is a god. Voltaire was only to enter the gateway alongside Cornholio.

The Chauntea alter that Gromash further defaced with Grumush iconography but which shar then somehow took over is now a mystical beehive dedicated to Chauntea.  

Lachlan has another moment where he confuses Selune, Mystral and Mystra.  

Chauntea's offering shrine has doubled in size.  Is now some obscene amount of platinum.  

Party now explores the very bottom floor of the temple.  

We find a large dirt area with the remains of the trees that housed the souls mentioned in the druids diaries and two small wings that are/were Mystral's archives.  Dagoth has some strange sense of deja vu.  

Most of the party ventures out into the dirt area and finds new sprouts growing.

Yennefer tries to catch and enslave a grasshopper and almost chokes to death on one of the frogs from her curse.   Cornholio saves her.  

Mirci starts a ritual prayer to bring the light of Lathander to nourish Chauntea's grove.  

Dagoth finds an old map of faerun circe -345 DR, a teleportation circle and no books.  He now knows where this temple is and his memories are coming back, it was not deja vu, he has been here before.  

Yennefer is inspecting the 'sky' that is visible above the grove, she hits her head on the rock ceiling.  

Further investigation by Yennefer finds 4 very large uncut rubies in the rock.  She manages to pry them out with a dagger and does not hurt herself or the rubies.  Nobody sees this.  

Cornholio takes out 5 outsider tainted rock gnome corpses and throws them on the ground.  The shadow weave reanimates the corpses who announce they are here to work Chauntea's grove in shar's name.  Cornholio pulls out his whip and starts getting these student athletes organised.  

Mirci is exploring the other wing of Mystral's archive which is also empty but she finds a loose tile with a gray bag hiding beneath it.  As she is making sense of this bag she turns it over a weasel pops out.  

Yennefer decides she wants to cast shatter on the ceiling of Chauntea's grove, but then Lachlan talks her out of it.  

The mythallar has changed again and the party returns to the carriage to find it filled with the local fauna.  

Dagoth hands Yennefer the helm of comprehending languages who starts threating to enslave the creatures who then try to rush out of the carriage door now that is open.  Yennefer rolls a bunch of dice and fails all of them but gets more frog curse. 

Lachlan calls it here so the party can work out their plans to escape.  

See discord for images, Lachlan's descriptions and my comments on escape. 
